Blogging.
So to see this option about a discommode and Duchaine we need to try to add a new hard disk to get about
it.
That's why I like that.
Then give it the option number.
No we can chose to start with the virtual machine or Prowse to put it in a specific spot like this one.
But of course leave it by default.
Then we have to take provision and then we choose then then do shitting.
If you remember the shooting and Disk Mode No it is available.
Let's talk about the shooting.
So the shooting is not shit.
The shooting.
We have no shooting or muchi writer the shooting of a hard disk meaning that one how this can be used
is by different virtual machine.
If we chose specific that's mean only this virtual machine we use this hard disk.
Look up us.
But when we chose not sharing that's mean.
We did the sharing in this hard disk does mean no other machine can detect this hard disk and to write
and read from this disk then we have the military writer.
Of course if you are familiar with a pension system when you try to share our folder from an operating
system you have the option to click on any folder and share that folder we network.
But when you try to share a hard driver you do not have the option to do that because the driver do
with our Asadullah that's mean.
This is do not eliminate this hard disk from shitting in our network.
So this is the option that we have in our virtual machine.
We have not sharing or in specific that's mean related.
Later on our patients tend to chose to share or not then Meucci right or multi.
Right so that's me.
This hard disk will be available to use by different virtual machine for example we have some applications
that need to read and write from a specific hard disk and another application that use the same hard
disk.
For example in A Reason For example the nickel soft cluster is a Microsoft cluster or our Oracle cluster.
They use different machines but they use the same locale that store the same hard disk the sharing the
same hard disk and saving the data for the same hard disk even we have two or three operating system.
That the Microsoft cluster connected to want a shared local hard disk.
So this is the idea of the sheening if you chose not.
Shane you deserved this option.
M.T. right.
That's mean multiple virtual machine can use this one to save the data.